when I was marked for lunch
I'm the head chef here at Marcus been
hid chef now for two and half years my
working relationship with Marcus's is a
real collaboration and it's sort of a
joint input into the menu
we're both following your ideas each
other all the time if we've seen things
when we're out on about different
ingredients I think over the past two
and half years I've definitely learned
to let go of a few things and that will
give me time to take on other things
that I need to need to do I think the
biggest change for me is looking off of
the team it's a young team they take a
lot nurturing there's some great guys in
there but they need to be guided in the
right direction
and if they're happy and on track then
then I know the food's here you go in
the right direction and I think the food
style here is pretty variable I think
we're just really led by the ingredients
we have and we take a lot of inspiration
from Europe as well ingredient wise as
well as having some fantastic
British ingredients but I think you know
the main thing for us is just to make
sure that the all of the flavors and
ingredients on the dish stand out and
nothing should be should be left in the
background we're really lucky here that
we do see the guests you know that we
have them on the chef's table they come
through the kitchen
it's so nice especially especially the
weekend when you get the families
through that I've had a great time
together and you can just see how much
it enjoyed what we've been doing to
malaria motivations are a one-one is
that is a food and of produce because
we're so lucky to have great produce
here and in the UK and we're finding
more from the UK all the time all these
four leaf suppliers with with different
ingredients it's really something nice
to see and think of seconds a team
because sometimes you just sort of stop
and look around you and see what the
guys are doing and how hard they're
working and how much it means to them
and that's a really special thing it's
really hard to take it all in when
you're working so hard as a young chef
but if you can appreciate what it is
you're doing then you're gonna you're
gonna go far I think at some point
further in the future I would like to to
sort of have my own place to put put my
own stamp on something completely but I
think this the the restaurant the
Barclays here is
in amazing it's sort of a dream job for
any chef and at the moment we've still
got a lot of work